h1. phoneungap

Ungap your phonegap app to prepare it for the iphone app store. Increases your chances of your app being accepted.

h2. Usage

WARNING: On 2nd though, you should probably download the stable version rather than check it out via github. There must be permission issues because the downloaded version worked for me fully, but the github cloned did not. I received failures on vibrate and get location. You can get the downloads here:

<a href="http://github.com/sintaxi/phonegap/downloads">http://github.com/sintaxi/phonegap/downloads</a>

<pre>
  <strike>git clone git://github.com/sintaxi/phonegap.git</strike>
  <strike>cd phonegap</strike>
  <strike>git checkout -b 0.7.4 # use the latest stable branch</strike>
  <strike>rm -rf .git</strike>
  open iphone/PhoneGap.xcodeproj
</pre>

Press Build &amp; Go - this will generate the phonegap/lib folder which we will need - as well it will show you how your app should work after renaming it. we want it to work just like PhoneGap.xcodeproj so we can go on our merry way developing.
  
<pre>
  git clone git://github.com/scottmotte/phoneungap.git
  mv phoneungap/phoneungap.py phoneungap.py
  rm -rf phoneungap
  python phoneungap.py iphone myappname MyappName
  cd myappname
  chmod 755 build-myappname.sh
  open Myappname.xcodeproj
</pre>

Next do a find &amp; replace in phonegap/lib/iphone/myappname.js and myappname-min.js replacing all instances of PhoneGap with myappname.

Press Build &amp; Go - your app should now be running with no instances of PhoneGap. Build your app out as you please.